TechRate
Semitoken
Smart Contract Security Audit
October, 2020
TechRate
https://techrate.orgDisclaimer
This is a limited report on our findings based on our analysis, in accordance with good
industry practice as at the date of this report, in relation to cybersecurity vulnerabilities and
issues in the framework and algorithms based on smart contracts, the details of which are
set out in this report. In order to get a full view of our analysis, it is crucial for you to read the
full report. While we have done our best in conducting our analysis and producing this report,
it is important to note that you should not rely on this report and cannot claim against us on
the basis of what it says or doesn’t say, or how we produced it, and it is important for you to
conduct your own independent investigations before making any decisions. We go into more
detail on this in the below disclaimer below – please make sure to read it in full.
DISCLAIMER: By reading this report or any part of it, you agree to the terms of this
disclaimer. If you do not agree to the terms, then please immediately cease reading this
report, and delete and destroy any and all copies of this report downloaded and/or printed by
you. This report is provided for information purposes only and on a non-reliance basis, and
does not constitute investment advice. No one shall have any right to rely on the report or its
contents, and TechRate and its affiliates (including holding companies, shareholders,
subsidiaries, employees, directors, officers and other representatives) (TechRate) owe no
duty of care towards you or any other person, nor does TechRate make any warranty or
representation to any person on the accuracy or completeness of the report. The report is
provided "as is", without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind except as set
out in this disclaimer, and TechRate hereby excludes all representations, warranties,
conditions and other terms (including, without limitation, the warranties implied by law of
satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill) which, but
for this clause, might have effect in relation to the report. Except and only to the extent that it
is prohibited by law, TechRate hereby excludes all liability and responsibility, and neither you
nor any other person shall have any claim against TechRate, for any amount or kind of loss
or damage that may result to you or any other person (including without limitation, any direct,
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or pure economic loss or damages, or any loss of
income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money, or business interruption, and
whether in delict, tort (including without limitation negligence), contract, breach of statutory
duty, misrepresentation (whether innocent or negligent) or otherwise under any claim of any
nature whatsoever in any jurisdiction) in any way arising from or connected with this report
and the use, inability to use or the results of use of this report, and any reliance on this
report.
The analysis of the security is purely based on the smart contracts alone. No applications or
operations were reviewed for security. No product code has been reviewed.
Background
TechRate was commissioned by Semitoken to perform an audit of smart contract:● Semitoken.sol
The purpose of the audit was to achieve the following:
● Ensure that the smart contract functions as intended.
● Identify potential security issues with the smart contract.
The information in this report should be used to understand the risk exposure of the smart
contract, and as a guide to improve the security posture of the smart contract by remediating
the issues that were identified.
High Severity Issues
Smart contract does not contain high severity issues.
Medium Severity Issues
Smart contract does not contain medium severity issues.
Low Severity Issues
Smart contract does not contain low severity issues.
Conclusion
Smart contract free of any issues and could be deployed to mainnet.
Audit performed by Ilnar K. and Matthew L
